Sī Sī, what are you doing?
Wú Qǐ Bái, let’s break up
Break up? Why break up?
In one month
We’re getting married
Because I hate
Useless guys like you
What did you say?
Wú Qǐ Bái
I, Jiǎng Sī Sī, have looks
And a figure
Why should I keep being
Trampled by Qín Ruò Yǔ?
Just because of family status?
I hate how you act with Qín Ruò Yǔ
Always bowing and scraping
I hate how you’re always
Going on about the Wú family
But groveling before the Qín family
If you want to be a dog, do it yourself
I, Jiǎng Sī Sī, am done playing along
The Wú family can’t make you hold your head high
And he can?
Since you know
I won’t hide it anymore
He’s the sole heir
Of South Korea’s top chaebol group, the Pǔ family
As long as I marry him
I’ll become
The most prominent elite lady globally
By then
Qín Fēng, Qín Ruò Yǔ
All of them will be
Trampled under my feet
They’ll become
Dogs at my feet
Are you so sure?
Everything you want, he can give you?
Of course
And what about me?
What am I to you?
You?
You’re obviously
A tool for me to climb higher
Wú Qǐ Bái
I like ambitious men
And you
Just make me sick